hey I don't want to bring down but some
very sad news out of Hollywood this week
he probably heard Matt Damon has a new
movie coming out I know it doesn't make
any sense to me either but it's a movie
from director Ridley Scott about an
astronaut who gets left behind on Mars
and has to find a way to survive this
will be the second movie where Matt
Damon plays a guy who's stranded in
space you know what Ben Affleck goes
into space he's blowing up a meteor to
preserve the human race
Matt Damon goes up there he gets lost
and has to be saved anyway the movie
comes out October 2nd they released the
trailer for it this week and I have to
admit I am intrigued for astronaut Mark
Watney 6 was a crowd life was on
autopilot and his love life was going
nowhere fast until he lined the walls
with plastic and did some deep space
exploration of his own because sometimes
the greatest love of all is under the
zipper of your Space Center Matt Damon
is the Mastro not emission to Mars then
your face may have strong
researching that room I am Jimmy Kimmel
if you like that subscribe to our
YouTube channel to get all our latest
videos before they die and go to YouTube
heaven